# Computational Pipelines for Spatio-Temporal Analysis of Team Invasion Games

_Anj Simmons, 2019_

This repo contains all the LaTeX files and figures to generate my thesis.
A pre-built PDF version can be found in the [`revisions`](revisions/) directory.

## How to generate PDF

To generate `thesis.pdf`:

```
make
```

See `Makefile` for additional make commands. E.g. `make chaps` generates a PDF for each chapter.

The other `make` commands assume you have already run `make` once to build the thesis. E.g. `make fast` does a single pass update, suitable for previewing minor changes. `make ch1`, `make ch2`, ... `make ch8` generate a PDF for just a single chapter of the thesis.

## Word count

To run a word count, do a `make` first (if you haven't already), then run:

```
./scripts/wordcount.sh
```

The `grand total (detex)` output is a better estimate than `grand total (wc)`, as `wc` will count everything in the file, whereas `detex` doesn't include the LaTeX comments. According to `detex`, my thesis is approximately **sixty thousand words**.

## Build environment

```
Ubuntu 18.04
pdfTeX 3.14159265-2.6-1.40.18 (TeX Live 2017/Debian)
biber version: 2.9
```

Dependencies:

* `LaTeX` (do full install of all packages, and make sure you have `pdflatex` and `biber` on path).
* `make` (will already be installed by default on most Linux distributions)

## Project structure

* Constants for name, supervisors, publication date, etc. in `preamble.tex`
* Reference database(s) in `thesis-lit-*.bib` (list of `.bib` files searched specified in `thesis-refs.tex`). Export to Bibtex format if using Mendeley or Zotero. Can also edit Bibtex using JabRef or a text editor.
* Images go in `figs/`
* Top level file (e.g. to include extra chapters) is `thesis.tex`.
* `thesis-includes.tex` is auto-generated by `Makefile`. This is used as a way to `includeonly` certain chapters and set variables to control whether a single chapter or the full thesis is built.
